---
layout: home
title: "Home"
---

I am currently a student in the MPhil Linguistics program at UCL. My research areas are psycholinguistics and pragmatics. My ongoing research projects at UCL include predictive processing (advised by Prof. [Wing Yee Chow](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/~ucjtwyc/Home.html)) and scalar implicature (advised by Prof. [Richard Breheny](https://sites.google.com/site/expraglab/expraglab-semantics-pragmatics-social-cognition)). Before coming to UCL, I graduated from the University of Chicago with a BA in Linguistics and a BA in Psychology. There I worked with Prof. [Ming Xiang](https://lucian.uchicago.edu/blogs/mingxiang/) on the psycholinguistics of island effect and ellipsis.

Broadly speaking, my research interest is in the effect of discourse context on sentence processing and linguistic meaning. Naturalistically, how we use language is affected by the context we use it in. To borrow from Stalnaker and Roberts' models, a discourse includes the interlocuters' presuppositions (and thus a common ground), some question under discussion that partitions the context set, and the speech acts performed to update the context set (assertion, supposition, etc.). On a higher level, the discourse also involves the interlocutors' goals, identity, and the general conversational setting. I am interested in 1\) how these discourse factors give rise to rich multilayered linguistic meaning, and 2\) how we process sentences under their influence.

To study my research questions, I have adopted various methodologies including behavioral and eye-tracking experiments. In the future, I plan to expand my experimental methods to include neuroscientific recordings and computational models.

In a longer term, I hope to study language not only as a device for the exchange of information, but also as a medium of power and identity. Many semantic and pragmatic research topics have potential real-world implications on the role of language in society. The semantics of truth, lies, and bullshit may connect to media and misinformation. Vagueness and ambiguity are often exercised as a form of political power, and so is humor. I believe the study of theoretical semantics/pragmatics and the study of language in society can benefit from each other.